Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-erd-model
<br>
1- The Journal of E-commerce Research Knowledge is a prestigious information systems research journal. It uses a peer-review process to select manuscripts for publication. Only about 10 percent of the manuscripts submitted to the journal are accepted for publication. A new issue of the journal is published each quarter. Create a com- plete ERD to support the business needs described below.

· Unsolicited manuscripts are submitted by authors. When a manuscript is received, the editor assigns it a number and records some basic information about it in the system, including the title of the manuscript, the date it was received, and a manuscript status of “received.” Information about the author(s) is also recorded, including each author’s name, mailing address, e-mail address, and affiliation (the author’s school or com- pany). Every manuscript must have an author. Only authors who have submitted manuscripts are kept in the system. It is typical for a manuscript to have several authors. A single author may have submitted many different manuscripts to the journal. Additionally, when a manuscript has multiple authors, it is important to record the order in which the authors are listed in the manuscript credits.

At her earliest convenience, the editor will briefly review the topic of the manuscript to ensure that its con- 1- The Journal of E-commerce Research Knowledge is a prestigious information systems research journal. It uses a peer-review process to select manuscripts for publication. Only about 10 percent of the manuscripts submitted to the journal are accepted for publication. A new issue of the journal is published each quarter. Create a com- plete ERD to support the business needs described below.

· Unsolicited manuscripts are submitted by authors. When a manuscript is received, the editor assigns it a number and records some basic information about it in the system, including the title of the manuscript, the date it was received, and a manuscript status of “received.” Information about the author(s) is also recorded, including each author’s name, mailing address, e-mail address, and affiliation (the author’s school or com- pany). Every manuscript must have an author. Only authors who have submitted manuscripts are kept in the system. It is typical for a manuscript to have several authors. A single author may have submitted many different manuscripts to the journal. Additionally, when a manuscript has multiple authors, it is important to record the order in which the authors are listed in the manuscript credits.

· At her earliest convenience, the editor will briefly review the topic of the manuscript to ensure that its con- tents fall within the scope of the journal. If the content is not appropriate for the journal, the manuscript’s status is changed to “rejected” and the author is notified via e-mail. If the content is within the scope of the journal, then the editor selects three or more reviewers to review the manuscript. Reviewers work for other companies or universities and read manuscripts to ensure their scientific validity. For each reviewer, the sys- tem records a reviewer number, name, e-mail address, affiliation, and areas of interest. Areas of interest are predefined areas of expertise that the reviewer has specified. An area of interest is identified by an IS code and includes a description (for example, IS2003 is the code for “database modeling”). A reviewer can have many areas of interest, and an area of interest can be associated with many reviewers. All reviewers must specify at least one area of interest. It is unusual, but possible, to have an area of interest for which the jour- nal has no reviewers. The editor will change the status of the manuscript to “under review” and record which reviewers received the manuscript and the date it was sent to each reviewer. A reviewer will typically receive several manuscripts to review each year, although new reviewers may not have received any manuscripts yet.

· The reviewers will read the manuscript at their earliest convenience and provide feedback to the editor. The feedback from each reviewer includes rating the manuscript on a 10-point scale for appropriateness, clarity, methodology, and contribution to the field, as well as a recommendation for publication (accept or reject). The editor will record all of this information in the system for each review received, along with the date the feedback was received. Once all of the reviewers have provided their evaluations, the editor will decide whether to publish the manuscript and change its status to “accepted” or “rejected.” If the manuscript will be published, the date of acceptance is recorded.

· Once a manuscript has been accepted for publication, it must be scheduled. For each issue of the journal, the publication period (fall, winter, spring, or summer), publication year, volume, and number are recorded. An issue will contain many manuscripts, although the issue may be created in the system before it is known which manuscripts will be published in that issue. An accepted manuscript appears in only one issue of the journal. Each manuscript goes through a typesetting process that formats the content, including fonts, font size, line spacing, justification, and so on. Once the manuscript has been typeset, its number of pages is recorded in the system. The editor will then decide which issue each accepted manuscript will appear in and the order of manuscripts within each issue. The order and the beginning page number for each manuscript must be stored in the system. Once the manuscript has been scheduled for an issue, the status of the manu- script is changed to “scheduled.” Once an issue is published, the print date for the issue is recorded, and the status of each manuscript in that issue is changed to “published.”

· tents fall within the scope of the journal. If the content is not appropriate for the journal, the manuscript’s status is changed to “rejected” and the author is notified via e-mail. If the content is within the scope of the journal, then the editor selects three or more reviewers to review the manuscript. Reviewers work for other companies or universities and read manuscripts to ensure their scientific validity. For each reviewer, the sys- tem records a reviewer number, name, e-mail address, affiliation, and areas of interest. Areas of interest are predefined areas of expertise that the reviewer has specified. An area of interest is identified by an IS code and includes a description (for example, IS2003 is the code for “database modeling”). A reviewer can have many areas of interest, and an area of interest can be associated with many reviewers. All reviewers must specify at least one area of interest. It is unusual, but possible, to have an area of interest for which the jour- nal has no reviewers. The editor will change the status of the manuscript to “under review” and record which reviewers received the manuscript and the date it was sent to each reviewer. A reviewer will typically receive several manuscripts to review each year, although new reviewers may not have received any manuscripts yet.

· The reviewers will read the manuscript at their earliest convenience and provide feedback to the editor. The feedback from each reviewer includes rating the manuscript on a 10-point scale for appropriateness, clarity, methodology, and contribution to the field, as well as a recommendation for publication (accept or reject). The editor will record all of this information in the system for each review received, along with the date the feedback was received. Once all of the reviewers have provided their evaluations, the editor will decide whether to publish the manuscript and change its status to “accepted” or “rejected.” If the manuscript will be published, the date of acceptance is recorded.

· Once a manuscript has been accepted for publication, it must be scheduled. For each issue of the journal, the publication period (fall, winter, spring, or summer), publication year, volume, and number are recorded. An issue will contain many manuscripts, although the issue may be created in the system before it is known which manuscripts will be published in that issue. An accepted manuscript appears in only one issue of the journal. Each manuscript goes through a typesetting process that formats the content, including fonts, font size, line spacing, justification, and so on. Once the manuscript has been typeset, its number of pages is recorded in the system. The editor will then decide which issue each accepted manuscript will appear in and the order of manuscripts within each issue. The order and the beginning page number for each manuscript must be stored in the system. Once the manuscript has been scheduled for an issue, the status of the manu- script is changed to “scheduled.” Once an issue is published, the print date for the issue is recorded, and the status of each manuscript in that issue is changed to “published.”

2— The Journal of E-commerce Research Knowledge is a prestigious information systems research journal. It uses a peer-review process to select manuscripts for publication. Only about 10 percent of the manuscripts submitted to the journal are accepted for publication. A new issue of the journal is published each quarter. Create a com- plete ERD to support the business needs described below.

Unsolicited manuscripts are submitted by authors. When a manuscript is received, the editor assigns it a number and records some basic information about it in the system, including the title of the manuscript, the date it was received, and a manuscript status of “received.” Information about the author(s) is also recorded, including each author’s name, mailing address, e-mail address, and affiliation (the author’s school or com- pany). Every manuscript must have an author. Only authors who have submitted manuscripts are kept in the system. It is typical for a manuscript to have several authors. A single author may have submitted many different manuscripts to the journal. Additionally, when a manuscript has multiple authors, it is important to record the order in which the authors are listed in the manuscript credits.

At her earliest convenience, the editor will briefly review the topic of the manuscript to ensure that its con- tents fall within the scope of the journal. If the content is not appropriate for the journal, the manuscript’s status is changed to “rejected” and the author is notified via e-mail. If the content is within the scope of the journal, then the editor selects three or more reviewers to review the manuscript. Reviewers work for other companies or universities and read manuscripts to ensure their scientific validity. For each reviewer, the sys- tem records a reviewer number, name, e-mail address, affiliation, and areas of interest. Areas of interest are predefined areas of expertise that the reviewer has specified. An area of interest is identified by an IS code and includes a description (for example, IS2003 is the code for “database modeling”). A reviewer can have many areas of interest, and an area of interest can be associated with many reviewers. All reviewers must specify at least one area of interest. It is unusual, but possible, to have an area of interest for which the jour- nal has no reviewers. The editor will change the status of the manuscript to “under review” and record which reviewers received the manuscript and the date it was sent to each reviewer. A reviewer will typically receive several manuscripts to review each year, although new reviewers may not have received any manuscripts yet.

The reviewers will read the manuscript at their earliest convenience and provide feedback to the editor. The feedback from each reviewer includes rating the manuscript on a 10-point scale for appropriateness, clarity, methodology, and contribution to the field, as well as a recommendation for publication (accept or reject). The editor will record all of this information in the system for each review received, along with the date the feedback was received. Once all of the reviewers have provided their evaluations, the editor will decide whether to publish the manuscript and change its status to “accepted” or “rejected.” If the manuscript will be published, the date of acceptance is recorded.

Once a manuscript has been accepted for publication, it must be scheduled. For each issue of the journal, the publication period (fall, winter, spring, or summer), publication year, volume, and number are recorded. An issue will contain many manuscripts, although the issue may be created in the system before it is known which manuscripts will be published in that issue. An accepted manuscript appears in only one issue of the journal. Each manuscript goes through a typesetting process that formats the content, including fonts, font size, line spacing, justification, and so on. Once the manuscript has been typeset, its number of pages is recorded in the system. The editor will then decide which issue each accepted manuscript will appear in and the order of manuscripts within each issue. The order and the beginning page number for each manuscript must be stored in the system. Once the manuscript has been scheduled for an issue, the status of the manu- script is changed to “scheduled.” Once an issue is published, the print date for the issue is recorded, and the status of each manuscript in that issue is changed to “published.”